[bitnami/*] Standardize documentation (#19835)
bitnami/charts: bitnami/discourse/README.md

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```console

> helm install my-release oci://registry_name/repository_name/discourse

Reviewer: ```suggestion
helm install my-release oci://REGISTRY_NAME/REPOSITORY_NAME/discourse
```

According to other examples of placeholders, they are defined in uppercase.

```

> > Please replace the registry_name and repository_name placeholders with a reference to your chart registry & repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: you need to substitute the placeholders REGISTRY_NAME and REPOSITORY_NAME with a reference to your Helm chart registry and repository.
```

According to other examples of placeholders, they are defined in uppercase and with a similar wording as the suggested one

```console
helm install my-release \
  --set auth.username=admin,auth.password=password \

>     oci://registry_name/repository_name/discourse

Reviewer 2: Please apply the comment above related to uppercase placeholders.

```

> > Please replace the registry_name and repository_name placeholders with a reference to your chart registry & repository.

Reviewer 2: Reword the note according to the uppercase placeholder rule.
